= devise_certifiable

Sign up certification strategy for devise[http://github.com/plataformatec/devise]. New sign up users need to be certified before they can sign in. After sign up an email is sent to the email address specified in the devise configuration option _config.mailer_sender_.

Devise_certifiable has been tested with Devise 1.2.1 and Rails 3.0.6 using ActiveRecord, but similar version should work as well (ie. Devise 1.2.x and Rails 3.0.x). 

== Installation

 rails generate devise_certifiable MODEL

will add _:certifiable_ to model _MODEL_ and create a migration file.

== Configuration

There are no configuration options at the moment.

=== Controllers

By default devise_certifiable follows Devise authentication to allow certifications. You can customize how to authenticate for a certifier overriding _:authenticate_certifier!_ in _application_controller.rb_. For example using CanCan[https://github.com/ryanb/cancan]:

 def authenticate_certifier!
    authorize! :certify, User
  end

=== Views

You can customize the views and mails by doing:

 rails generate devise_certifiable:install views

This will copy the views to app/views/devise.

=== Localization

Localization can be customized by:

 rails generate devise_certifiable:install

This will copy the locale file to your rails tree.

== Contributing to devise_certifiable
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Luis Gracia. See LICENSE for further details.
